README.md, before:

# Normal costmap

A ROS package plugin to compute normals from a PointCloud2 and build a costmap2d Layer if the angle of the normals is abose a threshold.

## Compile the package

As usual in ROS, you have to compile the package and add it to the path.
Simply do the following:
```bash
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
source devel/setup.bash
```

## Add the plugin in a navigation stack
In the parameters file of the desired costmap (local or global) add the following line in the plugins section:
```yaml
  - {name: normal_layer,                type: "normal_layer_namespace::NormalLayer"}
```
## Launch a simulation
A launch file has been created to set parameters (size of the local (or global) costmap, number of neigboors to consider for Normal Estimation, angle threshold, topics of sensors...)
Simply, run the following command:
```bash
roslaunch normal_vect normal_simulation.launch
```
This will create different nodes:
- Static transform publisher from map to base_link
- Static transfrom publisher from base_link to odom
- Rviz to visualize Husky "Paquerette" robot and messages from its sensors
- Move base mapless demo launchfile, in which the plugin had been added previously

In parallel, you can play a rosbag (don't forget too add the parameter ```--clock```), and then visualize the result in Rviz.

Commit message:

set a .yaml for plugin parameters

README.md, after:

# Normal costmap

A ROS package plugin to compute normals from a PointCloud2 and build a costmap2d Layer if the angle of the normals is abose a threshold.

## Compile the package

As usual in ROS, you have to compile the package and add it to the path.
Simply do the following:
```bash
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
source devel/setup.bash
```

## Add the plugin in a navigation stack
In the parameters file of the desired costmap (local or global) add the following line in the plugins section:
```yaml
  - {name: normal_layer,                type: "normal_layer_namespace::NormalLayer"}
```
In the package, a .yaml file is already created to set the parameters of the plugin.

## Launch a simulation
A launch file has been created to do a demo (with a rosbag for example).
Simply, run the following command:
```bash
roslaunch normal_vect normal_simulation.launch
```
This will create different nodes:
- Static transform publisher from map to base_link
- Static transfrom publisher from base_link to odom
- Rviz to visualize Husky "Paquerette" robot and messages from its sensors
- Move base mapless demo launchfile, in which the plugin had been added previously

In parallel, you can play a rosbag (don't forget too add the parameter ```--clock```), and then visualize the result in Rviz.
